Changed the Nix install script (#6)
lowRISC/symphony-system: README.md

### Installing Nix

The Nix package manager is used to create reproducible builds and consistent development environments.
Follow the instructions on [the zero to nix site](https://zero-to-nix.com/start/install) to install the Nix package manager.

> *If you've downloaded nix through a method, make sure [Flakes](https://nixos.wiki/wiki/Flakes) are enabled.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*If you've downloaded nix through another method, make sure the experimental features ["flakes"](https://nixos.wiki/wiki/Flakes) and ["nix-command"](https://nixos.wiki/wiki/Nix_command) are enabled.*
```

Author: Thanks Harry!
